Upgrade Ark to Velero (#3840)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/backup/docs/01-01-backup.md

---
title: Overview
---

The backup in Kyma uses [Velero](https://github.com/heptio/velero/).

> Velero backs up Kubernetes resources and stores them in Azure Blob storage. It triggers physical volume snapshots and includes the snapshot references in the backup. Velero can create scheduled or on-demand backups, filter objects to include in the backup, and set time to live (TTL) for stored backups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Velero backs up Kubernetes resources and stores them in GCP buckets. It triggers physical volume snapshots and includes the snapshot references in the backup. Velero can create scheduled or on-demand backups, filter objects to include in the backup, and set time to live (TTL) for stored backups.
```

this doc is also present above 🤔
